3. HOW IT SPREADS
The virus that causes COVID-19 is mainly transmitted through droplets generated when an infected person coughs, sneezes, or exhales. These droplets are too heavy to hang in the air, and quickly fall on floors or surfaces.
You can be infected by breathing in the virus if you are within close proximity of someone who has COVID-19, or by touching a contaminated surface and then your eyes, nose or mouth.

5. What is the recovery time for the coronavirus disease?
Using available preliminary data, the median time from onset to clinical recovery for mild cases is approximately 2 weeks and is 3-6 weeks for patients with severe or critical disease.

4. Are mask effective against coronavirus disease?
If you are healthy, you only need to wear a mask if you are taking care of a person with suspected 2019-nCoV infection. Wear a mask if you are coughing or sneezing. Masks are effective only when used in combination with frequent hand-cleaning with alcohol-based hand rub or soap and water. If you wear a mask, then you must know how to use it and dispose of it properly.


6. Do people develop immunity to the coronaavirus disease after being infected?
There is currently no evidence that people who have recovered from COVID-19 and have antibodies are protected from a second infection. The development of immunity to a pathogen through natural infection is a multi-step process.

1. What is coronavirus?
Corona viruses are a large family of viruses which may cause illness
in animals or humans. In humans, several coronaviruses are known
to cause respiratory infections ranging from the common cold to more
severe diseases such as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS)
and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). The most recently
discovered coronavirus causes coronavirus disease COVID-19.

2. What are the symptoms?
The most common symptoms of COVID-19 are fever, tiredness, and
dry cough. Some patients may have aches and pains, nasal
congestion, runny nose, sore throat or diarrhea. These symptoms are
usually mild and begin gradually. Some people become infected but
don’t develop any symptoms and don't feel unwell. Most people
(about 80%) recover from the disease without needing special
treatment. Around 1 out of every 6 people who gets COVID-19
becomes seriously ill and develops difficulty breathing. Older people,
and those with underlying medical problems like high blood pressure,
heart problems or diabetes, are more likely to develop serious illness.
People with fever, cough and difficulty breathing should seek medical
attention. 